Removed software "Network Tools" (#7351)
MichaIng/DietPi: CHANGELOG.txt

- RISC-V | Additional software options have been enabled for RISC-V systems: NZBGet, MicroK8s and AdGuard Home
- DietPi-Software | myMPD: We enabled the software option for ARMv6 Bookworm systems, since packages for Raspbian Bookworm are now available. Many thanks to @hackslikeus for bringing up the topic: https://github.com/MichaIng/DietPi/issues/7345

Removed software:

> - DietPi-Software| iftop: Removed software package. Can be installed easily via `apt install iftop`, because there are no dependencies to other packages. Usage of this software was very rare.
> - DietPi-Software| IPTraf: Removed software package. Can be installed easily via `apt install iptraf`, because there are no dependencies to other packages. Usage of this software was very rare.
> - DietPi-Software| Iperf: Removed software package. Can be installed easily via `apt install iperf`, because there are no dependencies to other packages. Usage of this software was very rare.
> - DietPi-Software| MTR-Tiny: Removed software package. Can be installed easily via `apt install mtr`, because there are no dependencies to other packages. Usage of this software was very rare.
> - DietPi-Software| nLoad: Removed software package. Can be installed easily via `apt install nload`, because there are no dependencies to other packages. Usage of this software was very rare.
> - DietPi-Software| tcpdump: Removed software package. Can be installed easily via `apt install tcpdump`, because there are no dependencies to other packages. Usage of this software was very rare.

Reviewer: Let's combine those, and we may remove some more:
```suggestion
- DietPi-Software | A number of software options have been removed, which were installed just as single APT package, without any configuration or dependant. Running `dietpi-software` for such is overkill, as one can just use the native Debian package manager directly, like "apt install tcpdump". Affected software titles: iftop, IPTraf, Iperf, MTR-Tiny, nLoad, tcpdump
```
